names_data.csv conversion to names_data.hcl (#37960)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: docs/add-a-new-service.md

To add an AWS SDK for Go service client:

1. Check the file `names/data/names_data.hcl` for the service.

> 1. If the service is there and the `NotImplmented` attribute is false, you are ready to implement the first [resource](./add-a-new-resource.md) or [data source](./add-a-new-datasource.md).

Reviewer: Code formatted "`false`"

```suggestion
1. If the service is there and the `NotImplmented` attribute is `false`, you are ready to implement the first [resource](./add-a-new-resource.md) or [data source](./add-a-new-datasource.md).
```

> 1. If the service is there and the `NotImplmented` attribute is `false`, you are ready to implement the first [resource](./add-a-new-resource.md) or [data source](./add-a-new-datasource.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the service is there and the `not_implemented` attribute is `false`, you are ready to implement the first [resource](./add-a-new-resource.md) or [data source](./add-a-new-datasource.md).
```
Might as well use the casing which appears in the hcl file.

> 1. If the service is there and the `NotImplmented` attribute is true, remove it and submit the client pull request as described below.

Reviewer: Added code formatting to "`true`"

```suggestion
1. If the service is there and the `NotImplmented` attribute is `true`, remove it and submit the client pull request as described below.
```

Author: Thanks!

> 1. If the service is there and the `NotImplmented` attribute is true, remove it and submit the client pull request as described below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the service is there and the `not_implemented` attribute is true, remove it and submit the client pull request as described below.
```

If an AWS service must be created in a non-standard way, for example, the service API's endpoint must be accessed via a single AWS Region, then:

> 1. Make the **SkipClientGenerate** attribute true for the service in [`names/data/names_data.hcl`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/names/README.md)

Reviewer: - Added formatting to "`true`"
- We used code formatting for the attribute names before, so we should be consistent

```suggestion
1. Make the `SkipClientGenerate` attribute `true` for the service in [`names/data/names_data.hcl`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/names/README.md)
```

> 1. Make the `SkipClientGenerate` attribute `true` for the service in [`names/data/names_data.hcl`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/names/README.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make the `skip_client_generate` attribute `true` for the service in [`names/data/names_data.hcl`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/names/README.md)
```
